# Educationist Tutoring Dashboard Website

#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/MQDgngWho6Y

#### Description:

    This project is a frontend that interacts with the backend for Educationist Tutoring. The backend is stored on other github repositories, and was also based on the CS50 course, but this submission only includes this node js backend. The webpage has many routes that are controlled via express js. The pages return a html file, which later makes requests for css and js files. There are two routes that are different than the other get routes. These are the css and js routes. Since special keys are included in the source code, the code rewrites the js file with the secret keys before responding with the file. In addition, the firebase is accessed from both the backend of this website and the frontend. The frontend user js accesses firebase through restricted access based on the user's role. This is handled by firebase. The backend has access to everything in the database because it is a superuser. The first and most important path is the login file. Since the username is not stored in firebase's authentication system, the user has to type in their email in order to login. Since this didn't seem like the best route to take, the code was manipulated to include the username as the input feild. However, the problem to authenticate still remained. The backend now takes the username and converts it to the uid based on the information stored in the database. This uid is returned to the user, who then authenticates with the password in the user side. This converter was handled differently with the former python backend, but when things became very complicated, the server was switched to node js, and those features were removed. The second page is the content page, which relies on algolia search for its querying functionality. This page simply serves the information in the backend. The list of content is returned to the user end, and the css does its magic to make the page look pretty. When a block is clicked on, the server also returns a preview file for each document. Instead of formatting the html file on the server, this file is formatted based on the file id in the request url that is returned. The next page is the index page, which consists of the basic account information also provided in the discord python bot. This file utilizes charts.js to display volunteer hours and donations in a pretty way. The page is organized into three carousels and two larger cells. The carousels are a list of information in block format, while the larger blocks are meant to chart the volunteer hours and donations.

    In the future this page will likely have an inbuilt donation functionality, which is meant to link any donations to the user. This will allow that information to be displayed in the index page as well. The other two carousels will also be defined. The second one being the classes each account is linked to, and the last carousel being the matcher carousel. Tutors will have access to the last carousel to match with students, and students will be able to request matches in that space. In addition, students will also see their attendance instead of volunteering hours in their dashboard. Finally, the club object will be added to the backend to allow for chapters of Educationist to easily apply and be managed. These forms will all eventually be part of the website rather than google forms that interact with a separate backend. In the future, everything will be consistent and on the same system to allow for better efficiency.
